[IMP] Sales: Quotation Templates update (#11787)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template.rst

Quotation templates
===================

Reusable quotation templates can be made in Odoo's **Sales** app for common products or services.

By using these templates, quotations can be tailored and sent to customers at a quicker pace,
without having to create new quotations from scratch every time a sales negotiation occurs.

.. _sales/send_quotations/templates:

Configuration
=============

To use quotation templates, begin by activating the setting in :menuselection:`Sales app -->

> Configuration --> Settings`, and scroll to the :guilabel:`Quotations \& Orders` heading.

Reviewer: No need for the ampersands to be escaped :)
```suggestion
Configuration --> Settings`, and scroll to the :guilabel:`Quotations & Orders` heading.
```

Under the heading, tick the :guilabel:`Quotation Templates` checkbox. Doing so reveals a new
:guilabel:`Default Template` field, in which a default quotation template can be chosen from the
drop-down menu.

.. image:: quote_template/quotations-templates-setting.png

>    :align: center

Reviewer: Please remove the :align: attribute from all images
```suggestion
```

   :alt: How to enable quotation templates on Odoo Sales.

Upon activating the :guilabel:`Quotation Template` feature, an internal :icon:`fa-arrow-right`

> :guilabel:`(Quotation Templates)` link appears beneath the :guilabel:`Default Template` field.

Reviewer: No need to include the parenthesis when a UI element has text and an icon (like smartbuttons)
```suggestion
:guilabel:`Quotation Templates` link appears beneath the :guilabel:`Default Template` field.
```

will remain valid for, or leave the field on the default `0` to keep the template valid
indefinitely.

Next, in the :guilabel:`Confirmation Mail` field, click the blank drop-down menu to select a

> pre-configured email template to be sent to customers upon confirmation of an order.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
preconfigured email template to be sent to customers upon confirmation of an order.
```

product from the drop-down menu to add it to the quotation template.

If the desired product is not readily visible, type the name of the desired product in the
:guilabel:`Product` field, and the option appears in the drop-down menu. Products can also be found
by clicking :guilabel:`Search More...` from the drop-down menu.

.. tip::
   It is possible to add event-related products (booths and registrations) to quotation templates.
   To do so, click the :guilabel:`Product` field, type in `Event`, and select the desired
   event-related product from the resulting drop-down menu.

.. note::
   When a product is added to a quotation template, the default :guilabel:`Quantity` is `1`, but
   that can be edited at any time.

Then, drag and drop the product to the desired position, via the :guilabel:`six squares` icon,
located to the left of each line item.

To add a *section*, which serves as a header to organize the lines of a sales order, click
:guilabel:`Add a section` in the :guilabel:`Lines` tab. When clicked, a blank field appears, in
which the desired name of the section can be typed. When the name has been entered, click away to
secure the section name.

> Then, drag and drop the section name to the desired position, via the :icon:`oi-apps` :guilabel:`six
> squares` icon, located to the left of each line item.

Reviewer 3: So close! We put the descriptions of the icons in parentheses. 

Can you also find and modify all other instances of icon descriptors and put parentheses around them? (:
```suggestion
Then, drag and drop the section name to the desired position, via the :icon:`oi-apps` :guilabel:`(six
squares)` icon, located to the left of each line item.
```

To add a note, which appears as a piece of text for the customer on the quotation, click
:guilabel:`Add a note` in the :guilabel:`Lines` tab. When clicked, a blank field appears, in which
the desired note can be typed. When the note has been entered, click away to secure the note.

Then, drag and drop the note to the desired position, via the :icon:`oi-apps` :guilabel:`six
squares` icon.

To delete any line item from the :guilabel:`Lines` tab (product, section, and/or note), click the
:icon:`fa-trash` :guilabel:`trash can` icon on the far-right side of the line.

Optional Products tab
---------------------

Using *optional products* is a marketing strategy that involves the cross-selling of products along
with a core product. The aim is to offer useful and related products to customers, which may result
in an increased sale.

> ::.. example::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. example::
```

> ::.. example::

Reviewer: Remove unnecessary characters that are breaking the example formatting :)
```suggestion
.. example::
```

>    For example, if a customer wants to buy a car, they have the choice to order massaging seats as

Reviewer 3: When using an example admonition, there's no need to say "for example" 
```suggestion
   If a customer wants to buy a car, they have the choice to order massaging seats as
```

> When clicked, a drop-down menu with existing products in the database appear. Select the desired

Reviewer 2: Can't add an inline comment, but this should be "appears"

which the desired name of the section can be typed. When the name has been entered, click away to
secure the section name.

> Then, drag-and-drop the section name to the desired position, via the :icon:`oi-apps` :guilabel:`six

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, drag and drop the section name to the desired position, via the :icon:`oi-apps` :guilabel:`six
```
drag-and-drop is usually used as an adjective (click the drag-and-drop icon)

squares` icon, located to the left of each line item.

To add a note, which appears as a piece of text for the customer on the quotation, click
:guilabel:`Add a note` in the :guilabel:`Lines` tab. When clicked, a blank field appears, in which
the desired note can be typed. When the note has been entered, click away to secure the note.

> Then, drag-and-drop the note to the desired position, via the :icon:`oi-apps` :guilabel:`six

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, drag and drop the note to the desired position, via the :icon:`oi-apps` :guilabel:`six
```

-----------------------

The :guilabel:`Terms \& Conditions` tab provides the opportunity to add terms and conditions to the
quotation template. To add terms and conditions, type the desired terms and conditions in this tab.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../../../finance/accounting/customer_invoices/terms_conditions`

.. note::
   Terms and conditions are **not** required to create a quotation template.

Use quotation templates
=======================

> When creating a quotation (:menuselection:`Sales app --> New`), choose a pre-configured template in

Reviewer 2: Can't add a comment, but it should be "preconfigured".

   :align: center
   :alt: Customer preview of a quotation template in Odoo Sales.

When all blocks and customizations are complete, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the
configuration.

The blue banner located at the top of the quotation template preview can be used to quickly return

> :icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`(Back to edit mode)`. When clicked, Odoo returns to the quotation

Reviewer: Again no need for parenthesis here since the button has text and an icon
```suggestion
:icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Back to edit mode`. When clicked, Odoo returns to the quotation
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Customer preview of a quotation template in Odoo Sales.

When all blocks and customizations are complete, click the :guilabel:`Save` button to save the
configuration.

The blue banner located at the top of the quotation template preview can be used to quickly return
:icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Back to edit mode`. When clicked, Odoo returns to the quotation
form in the back-end of the *Sales* application.

Mass cancel quotations/sales orders
===================================

Cancel multiple quotations (or sales orders) by navigating to the :menuselection:`Sales app -->
Orders --> Quotations` dashboard, landing, by default, in the list view. Then, on the left side of

> the table, tick the checkboxes for the quotations you wish to cancel.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the table, tick the checkboxes for the quotations to be canceled.
```
